README.md, before:

# Poker-Now-Tournament-Rebalancer

A JS algorithm to decide what player movements to make when re-balancing a multi-table tournament.

## Setup @poker-now private NPM registry

Login with your credentials

`npm login --registry=https://npm.code67.com`

Add this line to your ~/.npmrc file

`@poker-now:registry=https://npm.code67.com`

Finally, install the package with

`npm i @poker-now/tournament-rebalancer`

## Basic Usage

```javascript
const Balancer = require("@poker-now/tournament-rebalancer");
const tournament = {
    config: {
        maxPlayersPerTable: 10,
    },
    tables: [
        {
            id: "A",
            dealerButtonLastRound: 1,
            players: [
                {
                    id: "1",
                    name: "1",
                    movements: 0,
                    participatingLastRound: true,
                    participatingNextRound: true,
                    seat: 1,
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            id: "B",
            dealerButtonLastRound: 1,
            players: [
                {
                    id: "2",
                    name: "2",
                    movements: 0,
                    participatingLastRound: true,
                    participatingNextRound: true,
                    seat: 1,
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
const result = Balancer.getRebalancingPlayerMovements(tournament);
for(const movement of result.movements) {
    console.log("Move Table " + movement.fromTable.id + " Seat " + movement.fromPlayer.seat + " -> Table " + movement.to.tableId + " Seat " + movement.to.seat);
}
```

Gives

```javascript
Move Table A Seat 1 -> Table B Seat 2
```

TODO

Add tests for new util functions
Add debug string in results object so we can print out movements easily
Add id duplicate checks between table ids and player ids and unique seat numbers!
Remove the timer check for cases with many combinations, can solve by doing a maximum number of random tries.

---

Add more flexibility tests (e.g. when min is 4)
E.g. When table is really low on numbers but not breaching min, should ignore
E.g. And when breached, it should move as many people as possible to reach the optimal min.

---

Add converter to map Sam's tournament state format in to my structure.  
E.g. Logic for if stack=0 we assume participatingNextRound=false
And unless we can get the data for participatingLastRound (for dead button reasons), we must assume that all players participated.

---

Write a simulator which randomly generates a tournament where rounds last a random amount of time and players bust out at random intervals.
The lib is used to queue up player movements if the table that finished a hand has players to move away.
Hand completion events are processed as they would be by the system.
Ranking is also simulated.
All hands are logged by time.
Table formats are logged before and after each set of movements.
When the tournament is over, the number of movements are logged with their scores and positions.
This should hopefully help us work out the best threshold to move players at.

Commit message:

Renamed some configs
Removed 5 second give up feature and changed it to max number of moves to try

README.md, after:

# Poker-Now-Tournament-Rebalancer

A JS algorithm to decide what player movements to make when re-balancing a multi-table tournament.

## Setup @poker-now private NPM registry

Login with your credentials

`npm login --registry=https://npm.code67.com`

Add this line to your ~/.npmrc file

`@poker-now:registry=https://npm.code67.com`

Finally, install the package with

`npm i @poker-now/tournament-rebalancer`

## Basic Usage

```javascript
const Balancer = require("@poker-now/tournament-rebalancer");
const tournament = {
    config: {
        maxPlayersPerTable: 10,
    },
    tables: [
        {
            id: "A",
            dealerButtonLastRound: 1,
            players: [
                {
                    id: "1",
                    name: "1",
                    movements: 0,
                    participatingLastRound: true,
                    participatingNextRound: true,
                    seat: 1,
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            id: "B",
            dealerButtonLastRound: 1,
            players: [
                {
                    id: "2",
                    name: "2",
                    movements: 0,
                    participatingLastRound: true,
                    participatingNextRound: true,
                    seat: 1,
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
const result = Balancer.getRebalancingPlayerMovements(tournament);
for(const movement of result.movements) {
    console.log("Move Table " + movement.fromTable.id + " Seat " + movement.fromPlayer.seat + " -> Table " + movement.to.tableId + " Seat " + movement.to.seat);
}
```

Gives

```javascript
Move Table A Seat 1 -> Table B Seat 2
```

TODO

Add id duplicate checks between table ids and player ids and unique seat numbers!
Add result boolean for whether we tried every combination or not, or if we hit some limit

---

Add more flexibility tests (e.g. when min is 4)
E.g. When table is really low on numbers but not breaching min, should ignore
E.g. And when breached, it should move as many people as possible to reach the optimal min.

---

Add converter to map Sam's tournament state format in to my structure.  
E.g. Logic for if stack=0 we assume participatingNextRound=false
And unless we can get the data for participatingLastRound (for dead button reasons), we must assume that all players participated.

---

Write a simulator which randomly generates a tournament where rounds last a random amount of time and players bust out at random intervals.
The lib is used to queue up player movements if the table that finished a hand has players to move away.
Hand completion events are processed as they would be by the system.
Ranking is also simulated.
All hands are logged by time.
Table formats are logged before and after each set of movements.
When the tournament is over, the number of movements are logged with their scores and positions.
This should hopefully help us work out the best threshold to move players at.

ANSI escape sequences which should help draw out the models to console
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11474391/is-there-go-up-line-character-opposite-of-n
